Update device quick start (#3541)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/device-agent/quickstart.md

## Add Device to FlowFuse

### Prerequisites

If you do not already have the device agent installed, follow the [install instructions](./install.md), otherwise, proceed to the next step.

_NOTE: It is good practice to keep your Device Agent up to date. Update instructions are also provided in the link above._

> _NOTE: If you do not have access to a terminal, follow the [Quick Start with Web UI](./quickstart-web-ui.md) guide._

Reviewer: _"If you do not have access to a terminal, follow the [Quick Start with Web UI]"_ where the first step is a command line entry?

Author: Yep, I realise that but it is difficult to describe without being overly verbose. 

The intention is that the Web UI can be used with terminal acces OR without (i.e. pre-installed)

Reviewer: Understood, maybe advising that the Web UI allows for more manual control/customisation of the configuration instead, and directing accordingly?

Author: i'll have a go.

Author: Ah, i wonder if you are still seeing the old doc?

I set this as follows (specifically item 2 in the web-ui doc)

> 
> 1. If you have access to a Terminal/Command Prompt and run the following command:
>     ```bash
>     flowfuse-device-agent --ui --ui-user admin --ui-pass password --ui-port 8081
>     ```
>     _You can find more details about the Device Agent flags [here](https://flowfuse.com/docs/device-agent/running/)_
> 2. If the Device Agent is pre-installed on your hardware, follow the manufacturers instructions to start the device agent with the Web UI enabled.

Reviewer: I was referring to the `NOTE: If you do not have access to a terminal, follow the [Quick Start with Web UI](http://localhost:8080/docs/device-agent/quickstart-web-ui) guide.` in the standard `quickstart.md`. Explanation with the `Web UI` doc is fine.

Author: Then i am not sure how else to word this.

I needed a way to link to the alternative setup (the web-ui setup) and this felt like the right place.

I deliberately did not add an entry in the index - i wanted folk to land in this doc (so they can see there is a quicker/default setup method) before venturing off to the web-ui version.

Perhaps we could change the note to:

> NOTE: If you prefer, follow the [Quick Start with Web UI](http://localhost:8080/docs/device-agent/quickstart-web-ui) guide

However, they may decide that is not relevant to them and thus get stuck looking for instructions relevant to a pre-installed env?

Or a bit more verbose:

> NOTE: If you prefer to use the Device Agent WEB UI, follow the [Quick Start with Web UI](http://localhost:8080/docs/device-agent/quickstart-web-ui) guide

Or a bit more explicit:

> NOTE: If your device agent is pre-installed and you do not have command line access, or you prefer to use the Device Agent WEB UI, then you can follow the [Quick Start with Web UI](http://localhost:8080/docs/device-agent/quickstart-web-ui) guide

Please advise.

Reviewer: Option 2

Author: ```suggestion
_NOTE: If you prefer to use the Device Agent WEB UI, follow the [Quick Start with Web UI](./quickstart-web-ui.md) guide._
```

@joepavitt to be sure we both agree, I will provide this update as a suggestion. Please apply if correct.

### Step 1: Add a new Device
1. Open your web browser and go to your FlowFuse application page.
2. Navigate to the **Devices** section.
3. Click **Add Device.**
4. Fill in the **Device Name** & **Device Type** and select an **Application**

    <img src="images/add_device.png" />
6. Click **Add**
7. You will be presented with a **Device Configuration** that you will need in the next step. _(Do not close this window just yet.)_

    <img src="images/config_yml2a.png"/>

> ### Step 2: Connect the Device

Reviewer: A need for an explicit pointer to the _"Running Your Agent"_ at the end of this step? This get's it configured, but they can't proceed to "Developer on Device" without having run the agent first.

Author: Done in [99a06b1](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/pull/3541/commits/99a06b1a6f8466a58026a6af55f1ae26afbfded8)

2. Paste the command copied from the previous step and run it.

    <img src="images/device_cli.png" />
3. Start the Device Agent using the command instructed by the device agent output e.g:
   ```bash

>    flowfuse-device=agent -d /opt/flowfuse-device

Reviewer: Type here with a `=` instead of `-`, also not sure we need to overcomplicate the command with `-d`, no need to include it, if they're configuring with differences it'll be in the docs accordingly

Author: > also not sure we need to overcomplicate the command with -d, no need to include it, if they're configuring with differences it'll be in the docs accordingly

Actually, I think that was down to my system having the old `flowfuse-device` directory - the OTC is clever enough to let you know that you MUST include that part (I edited the image manually)

I will do a full device add once more, on a clean system and put updated graphic and command in place

Author: Resolved in [7a13d51](https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/pull/3541/commits/7a13d51575341a8334e0c48ec26c181c45a8d1b1)
